https://codepen.io/ardissam0/pen/VwYdVrM?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML are HTML tags with meaning. Like <h1>, <p>, etc.
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used to add content into a web page or application.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is a part of a tag that you can give a value to. Some are optional and some are required. You place the attribute inside the tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The H1 tag is used for the most important title of the page. We should only use it once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. Img and a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The head of the HTML document contains metadata. Things like styles, and character sets. 
    7. What is an id? An id is a selector that holds a lot of weight and is used for specific reasons. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any HTML element that you want to. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? You can only use an id once per page
    10. What is a class? A class is an attribute in HTML used to name a tag something specific. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? You can place it on any element you want. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? You can use the same class as many times as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? You have to add the target=”_blank” attribute to your link/anchor tags. 
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? The alt attribute is used to change an image to text if the image doesn’t get displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id? You reference an id using the “#” and then stating the name of the id. Example: #p1 {}. 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section is used for specific groupings of content that fits together. And a div is used for grouping content for stylistic purposes.
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used to change the style of the page.
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. You select an element by simply writing the element name followed by brackets. Example: h2 {color: red;}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? To select a class in CSS you have to write a period followed by the name of the class. Example: Class=food so you would select that by doing--> .food
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? You would select it by writing a period and then the class name as follows, .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A parent child selector is a selector that targets all elements that are a child of that parent element. It is useful when you want to be more specific in selecting an element. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? You would use ".sidebar a" which would give you all the links inside the div.
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A pseudo selector is a class used when you don't have a set amount of elements and you still want to style them individually. 
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines? You can use the property line-height to change the vertical space between lines.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? You use the property called letter-spacing to change the space between letters. 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? You use the text-transform property and then place the value of uppercase, lowercase, or capitalize. 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? You would write out, div {border: 1px; outline-style: dotted; outline-color: black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? Use the universal selector "*".
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? Like this, /* comment */. 
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? You write ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? You write ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? You write rm "file name" and you have to be careful because there is no warning and it deletes forever.
    34. Why should I use version control? So that all the code being written within a team will be tracked and help prevent any conflicting code.
    35. How often should I commit to github? About every 20 minutes unless it's something big/important. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? You would use, git push "name of branch"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Lambdas git flow is as follows, Fork the repo, add a TL as a collaborator, clone the repo, git clone "paste link into directory you want", cd into the new repo, use git checkout -b "firstname-lastname" to create a new branch, work on repo, git add, git commit -m "message", then git push to branch name, go to github and change the branch to your named branch, click new pull request, change the base repository, then add your collaborator as a reviewer, then submit the pull request.

